hey guys this is Betsy Chapman today I'm
going to be doing a scelera contact lens
review sponsored by unique so now these
are scelera contacts these are the
biggest ones that you can find like and
most people think that 17 millimeter
circle lenses are quite big but imagine
22 millimeter these are 22 now most of
you all know I work on that lens and so
are I learn them now these these are 15
millimeter so they're not as big as you
can get them but they're still big and
22 millimeter that's quite a lot so and
Eddie and I'm gonna show you how to put
them in as well so yes stick around for
that if you want the link please the
link is down below so you can just tick
click that type in sclera contacts and
they should come up cuz and it's an
affiliate thingy so I needed like the
amount of clicks I get and stuff it's
firm to light workout how many views I'm
generating for the start so you have to
click that and just type in skype
contact lenses so I hope you understand
about that but it's easy to find him and
these cost $99 and 10 I think it's about
$99 but compared to a lot of places that
is really really really cheap like
absent other places sound for about 150
dollars and people buy them so a hundred
dollars you proper some of you will be
like what $100 for a sheet of gel for
your eye yes and it is a lot of money
but if you're wanting to get into the
whole like special effects makeup
wanting to do modeling and shoots for
like scary looks and Halloween looks and
these are perfect so yes I would
definitely recommend these also and you
don't need any special permission or
anything I don't need to be a
professional to buy them you can just
buy them but I do recommend that if you
struggle putting in normal lenses do not
get these because it's a lot of money
just to find out that oh wait I can't
wear these okay I just can't put them in
so and I would definitely say be careful
and buy these at your own risk
but yeah
really good nonetheless and if you could
if like this is your first time on in to
buy lenses and I would recommend you
stuff with about fourteen point five
fifteen millimeter and work your way up
because my first pair were a sixteen
millimeter and I regret that because it
is so long to put them in and it was I'd
worst mistake ever so gone from that to
22 millimeter is quite a lot so these
came in a normal little box with there
were a lot of vials I've ended up
bending that because I've gotten a few
week ago now but with these you also get
this free case so you don't have to
worry about getting one of these it's a
really cool dandy case I he's screwed
okay
trust me this takes up so much lens
solution I've gone through so much so I
open it all in that and then they I open
up I'll show you that more in a bit and
see oh but yeah these are really really
cute I love it and you can get using a
range of colors like blue red white
actually hope to get these like the like
black I mean white moving Rimmer black
now outside they look really cool I want
to get them next time but yeah you can
get range of colors and everything and
loads of like famous youtubers of one
might be insane jealous and stuff so if
you want to check out their videos or if
you just type in scelera content and
since the link should come up and stuff
I will be doing my own makeup tutorials
and such with these and doing like
creepy cute looks and stuff hopefully if
it's okay so yes also I have a discount
code if you click on checkout once
you've added your stuff to your cart and
let me use my link first before getting
out so that you need to know and if you
type in Tetsu you should get a 10%
discount so I guess that makes it
cheaper by like nine dollars some of you
might be thinking solar now in dollars
but nine dollars is quite a lot so it's
up to you I guess and you can use these
up anything in the store so if you just
want to get some normal circle lenses
and just use my code and you should get
10% off so yes I'm actually going to
insert them now and I then I thought
should like do a video
going to record myself putting them in
so in fact no I'm not no not because
they mean something to take up on the
making people go on camera and make up
something so long this morning so yes
I'm going to put me now and then like
talk about it so yes I shall see in a
minute guys bye
you
this is the effect of lemon it's really
big in weird the yes and I would
recommend not bellezza more wearing
makeup you do risk the thingy of getting
makeup stuck underneath so I pick off
most of my mascara and stuff but luckily
enough I did it get out in the way for
my second and probably end up taking on
my make puffs
but yes these are them and as you ty did
I had the first skill trying to put them
in that pop town and I'm just coming out
and you will go for that a few times
sometimes ever but yes the second time
you just have to put it in and then stop
and people ask me can I see for them I
can and as you can see there's a lot a
hole for my iris to be able to see
through and when you do I look like that
a somewhat look you can see the edge of
it it's really weird but yeah does it
hurt to put them in and I personally
find it'll soon and it's I put normal
lenses in and if you are by these people
like then no don't get these don't get
em because you have to be like just not
care so I can just be like okay fill
them up the eye what the moment I got
them I could just pump straight in and I
know people spend hours she's putting up
a normal lenses in so wow how so yes do
get only get these if you comfortable
putting normal lenses in I guess but
this is a size difference the real
creepy is all of them hmm and what else
does it hurt it doesn't hurt not at all
book you can feel them in like it's
uncle is not uncomfortable to upon wait
you can't bear with it I think after a
few hours you getting to the point where
you're like yeah I need you take these
out now but they don't hurt but you know
that I can feel them because of how big
they are
like feel I'm at the top of your lid and
stuff at the back of your ID touching
and stuff so that's really weird but
apart from that the fine and the chords
are me look at him
I love them so much they're so cool so
yes I really recommend you get some of
these if you wanted to like do a creepy
makeup tutorial or wanting to do creepy
photos and such the reason why I got a
will for creepy makeup tutorials videos
and makeup I guess and I will have lots
of creepy one photos at the end but yeah
definitely recommended and definitely
check out unique so the link will be
down below in here so you can just click
it and go to the link type in scelera
contact lenses and you will be like
fingered with loads and loads and loads
of styles you can actually get 17
millimeter ones so if you just want the
small version of Saira's then you can
get them as well so yes definitely check
them out
thanks again guys for watching like
subscribe and leave notes comments
suggest what's of the sort of videos you
on and yeah then I would have to say but
the really cool lenses definitely get
some so yeah thanks again guys bye
you